# A6 Virus Spreading sheet
## Yiran Zhang

* Inspired by real virus spreading between us. Due to the covid situation that we are facing right now, I want to visualize an idea that how gathering matters the most and why we should avoid it. Through everything become more and more on the track, we should not stop paying attention on the seriousness of this virus. At the same time, I also want to emphasize an idea of spending alone time during a spreading virus. I always believe what that Antonin Artaud said in his speech at Sorbonne Université (not original sentense but this is basically the idea that he gave.) Every single plague or any form of socially spreading virus is exactly like drama, not because it is contagious but because it is an spiritual lifting, a inspiration, or a externalization of potential deep cruelness, just like dramas. Through externalization, all the anomalous events in your head would be illustrated on either a person or a race. I just feel these words so accurate as I spending more time with myself during this covid time and thus I choose the topic--gathering during a virus for this project.

* There is one layer represented as light and dark color for whether the tile get virus. The update rules is that for each cell, if more than 3 of its neighbors get the virus, it gets too. Otherwise, it keeps the tile color as before. What you can change from this game is that how many neighbour infected would get you infected. And you are definitely free to do that.
 
* Here, I trying to tell that the density matters a lot for virus spreading. With high density, it much quicker to get everyone infected. It would not somehow stop spreading, but with low density, we can have more time dealing with the virus itself. Thus, we need to prevent too much gathering during virus.
